Store output files in the given directory (#406)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/Runtime-Parameters-related/Runtime-Parameters:-Outputs.md

the default value.
    * **Restriction:**

<a name="DUMP_DIR"></a>
* #### `DUMP_DIR` &ensp; (string) &ensp; [.]
    * **Description:**

> Set the output data directory. Note that it is unnecessary to set this value
> in most cases unless you want to overwrite the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the output data directory. In most cases, it is unnecessary to set this value
unless you want to overwrite the default directory.
```
